this application for sample request sales in chemichals industries

note server yang sudah di update dengan /sampleapp/

-halaman config/config.php
-halaman index.php
-halaman login.php
-halaman logout.php
-halaman notification.php
-user setting.php
layout/sidebar.php
layout/header.php
layout/js.php
pages/users/changepasswordverification
pages/users/changepassword
pages/users/deletaccounverify
pages/layouts/header
pages/layout/sidebar
pages/staff/xls
pages/staff/sample request
pages/staff/sample request export
pages/staff/sample request edit
pages/staff/sample request detail edit
pages/staff/sample request detail delete
pages/staff/sample request detail
pages/staff/sample request delete
pages/staff/sample request complete
pages/staff/sample request change status
pages/staff/sample request cancelling
pages/staff/sample request cancel
pages/staff/sample request add
pages/staff/sample request add detail
pages/staff/pdf
pages/staff/delivery order
pages/rnd/xls
pages/rnd/sample request
pages/rnd/sample request doc
pages/rnd/sample request detail
pages/rnd/sample request change status
pages/rnd/sample request add detail
pages/rnd/sample request pdf
pages/admin/unit
pages/admin/unit edit
pages/admin/unit delete
pages/admin/produk
pages/admin/produk edit
pages/admin/produk detail
pages/admin/produk delete
pages/admin/produk add
pages/admin/employee
pages/admin/employee update password
pages/admin/employee edit
pages/admin/employee detail
pages/admin/employee delete
pages/admin/employee add
pages/admin/edit departemen
pages/admin/departemen
pages/admin/delete departemen
pages/admin/customers
pages/admin/customers edit
pages/admin/customers detail
pages/admin/customers detail edit
pages/admin/customers detail delete
pages/admin/customers delete
pages/admin/customers all
pages/admin/customers add
pages/admin/code
